feat: [Terraform] Parameter Add: Cloud Provider Access for Azure (#1343)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/atlas-cloud-provider-access/azure/README.md

# MongoDB Atlas Provider -- Cloud Provider Access Role with AZURE

> This example shows how to perform authorization for a cloud provider AWS role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to perform authorization for a cloud provider Azure Service Principal. 
```

2. Run the command `az login` and this will take you to the default browser and perform the authentication.
3. Once authenticated, it will print the user details as below:

```
⇒  az login
You have logged in. Now let us find all the subscriptions to which you have access...
The following tenants don't contain accessible subscriptions. Use 'az login --allow-no-subscriptions' to have tenant level access.
XXXXX
[
  {
    "cloudName": "AzureCloud",
    "homeTenantId": "XXXXX",
    "id": "XXXXX",
    "isDefault": true,
    "managedByTenants": [],
    "name": "Pay-As-You-Go",
    "state": "Enabled",
    "tenantId": "XXXXX",
    "user": {
      "name": "person@domain.com",
      "type": "user"
    }
  }
]
```

**2\. Ensure your MongoDB Atlas credentials are set up.**

This can be done using environment variables:

```bash
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY="xxxx"
export MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY="xxxx"
```

... or follow as in the `variables.tf` file and create **terraform.tfvars** file with all the variable values, ex:
```terraform
public_key           = "<MONGODB_ATLAS_PUBLIC_KEY>"
private_key          = "<MONGODB_ATLAS_PRIVATE_KEY>"
```

> **3\. Review the Terraform plan. **

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**3\. Review the Terraform plan.**
```
